{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Task definition 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Your company is developing a modern cash register system to bill commissions in European supermarkets as well as smaller local food product markets. The company analyzed the state of the art techniques, consulted prospective large customers (operators of supermarket chains) intensively, carried out surveys with typical customers of food markets and conducted a weak point analysis in the currently deployed systems. Therefore, the company\'92s marketing division set the Design Input Requirements (DIRs) mentioned below. The company management formed a project team (Core Team) and instructed it to develop a market-ready cash register system within one year. The project leader R&D Software is the responsible core team member for software development. The development team is staffed by up to 7 software developers including yourself. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Prior to releasing any further development funds, the company management instructed you to create a system prototype and derive an efficient software architecture within an integrated concept and feasibility phase. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 According to the company\'92s software and system development guidelines, the following deliverables must be generated and reviewed before releasing AFD and entering development phase: 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa293\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Completed or corrected DIRs, in case you detect significant gaps or inconsistencies in the DIR document. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Verification method per DIR, which allows you to prove, that the final (software) product meets the requirement. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Documented Context Model \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Documented Use Case Model \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Documented Activity Model \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Documented Entity Model, especially including attribute types and range of values as well as methods\'92 signatures. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Documented State Diagrams of the entities, as necessary. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	8.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Sound concept of the software architecture. \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 According to the development guidelines, the deliverables of the development phase are: 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 9. Detailed software specifications, as far as necessary 10. C++ source code\uc0\u8232 11. Module tests (conducted by developer)\u8232 12. System integration test(s) 
\f1\fs24 \
}